# Grass-Field-Navigation-Landing-strategy-of-Unmanned-Aerial-Vehicle-UAV-by-Computer-Vision
This is the capstone project I've done between 03/2018-06/2018, which was selected to be one of the best capstone projects by our department(Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Department). Basically, this part of the codes demonstrate the image processing and landing strategy given the condition that there are some obstacles on the grass. The whole project utilized the Open-CV library that was developed by the Intel Company.

The whole process of the project is that, first of all, through the image pre-process, the Unmanned Aerial Vehicle(UAV) system could erase the background information and the noises in the image to facilitate the capture of target's outline. Then, through the camera calibration method, the outline could be rectified so that to reduce the errors of transformation of pixels between pixel coordinate and real world coordinate. After that, through the mathematical reduction, the rule of pixel coordinate to real world coordinate is obtained, which is the essential rule that visual navigation depends on. What's more, I thought of 3 different methods to recognize the obstacles and different landing strategies in terms of three different situations, which were Puddle Fields, Grass Fields and Bump Fields. Finally, by using the DJI M100 Platform and the API that DJI company provided, I built the whole system and tested my strategies, which were proven successful.
 
 In the project, I'll just attach the codes related to the image processing and landing strategy, as it's unconvineient to test the Unmanned Aerial Vehicle part without the Firefly RK-3288 Board.
 
 Thanks to my Professor, Guoliang Chen (Assi. Professor of Wuhan University of Technology), as without his help, I couldn't always follow the correct ways to do my research. Also, thanks to all the help from my lab partners, as they helped me avoid some errors that I might make. Anyway, this is the end of my undergraduate and a new stage of life is coming. 
